[1.16] Workflow: Update building block documentation (#4825)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/workflow/workflow-architecture.md

### Activity actors

Activity actors are responsible for managing the state and placement of all workflow activity invocations.
A new instance of the activity actor is activated for every activity task that gets scheduled by a workflow.
The ID of the activity actor is the ID of the workflow combined with a sequence number (sequence numbers start with 0), as well as the "generation" (incremented during instances of rerunning from using `continue as new`).
For example, if a workflow has an ID of `876bf371` and is the third activity to be scheduled by the workflow, it's ID will be `876bf371::2::1` where `2` is the sequence number, and `1` is the generation.
If the activity is scheduled again after a `continue as new`, the ID will be `876bf371::2::2`.

> Not state is stored by activity actors, and instead all resulting data is sent back to the parent workflow actor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No state is stored by activity actors, and instead all resulting data is sent back to the parent workflow actor.
```

{{% alert title="Important" color="warning" %}}
By default, there are no global limits imposed on workflow and activity concurrency.
A runaway workflow could therefore potentially consume all resources in a cluster if it attempts to schedule too many tasks in parallel.
Use care when authoring Dapr Workflows that schedule large batches of work in parallel.
{{% /alert %}}

You can configure the maximum concurrent workflows and activities that can be executed at any one time with the following configuration.
These limits are imposed on a _per_ sidecar basis, meaning that if you have 10 replicas of your workflow app, the effective limit is 10 times the configured value.
These limits do not distinguish between different workflow or activity definitions.

```yaml
apiVersion: dapr.io/v1alpha1
kind: Configuration
metadata:
  name: appconfig
spec:
  workflow:
    maxConcurrentWorkflowInvocations: 100 # Default is infinite
    maxConcurrentActivityInvocations: 1000 # Default is infinite
```

{{% alert title="Important" color="warning" %}}

> Also, the Dapr Workflow engine requires that all instances of each workflow app register the exact same set of workflows and activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dapr Workflow engine requires that all instances of a workflow app register the exact same set of workflows and activities.
```

See the [Reminder usage and execution guarantees section]({{% ref "workflow-architecture.md#reminder-usage-and-execution-guarantees" %}}) for more details on how the design of workflow actors may impact execution latency.

> ## Incrasing scheduling throughput

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Increasing scheduling throughput
```

> By default, when a client schedules a workflow, the workflow engine will wait for the workflow to be fully started before returning a response to the client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, when a client schedules a workflow, the workflow engine waits for the workflow to be fully started before returning a response to the client.
```

Waiting for the workflow to start before returning can decrease the scheduling throughput of workflows.

> When scheduling a workflow with a start time, the workflow engine will not wait for the workflow to start before returning a response to the client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When scheduling a workflow with a start time, the workflow engine does not wait for the workflow to start before returning a response to the client.
```
